The mirror's image tells me it's home time But I'm not finished, 'cause you're not by my side And as I arrived I thought I saw you leavin' Carryin' your shoes Decided that once again I was just dreamin' Of bumpin' into you Now, it's three in the mornin' And I'm tryna' change your mind Left you multiple missed calls And to my message, you reply "Why'd you only call me when you're high?" "High, why'd you only call me when you're high?" Somewhere darker, talkin' the same shite I need a partner, well are you out tonight? It's harder and harder to get you to listen More I get through the gears Incapable of makin' alright decisions And having bad ideas Now, it's three in the mornin' And I'm tryna' change your mind Left you multiple missed calls And to my message, you reply (Message, you reply) "Why'd you only call me when you're high?" (Why'd you only call me when you're) "High, why'd you only call me when you're high?" And I can't see you here, wonder where I might It sort of feels like I'm runnin' out of time I haven't found all I was hopin' to find You said you got to be up in the mornin' Gonna have an early night And you're startin' to bore me, baby "Why'd you only call me when you're high?" "Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?" "Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?" "Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?" "Why'd you only ever phone me when you're (high)?"==I'm a puppet on a string Tracy Island, time-traveling Diamond cutter-shaped heartaches Come to find you four in some velvet morning Years too late, she's a silver lining Lone ranger riding through an open space In my mind when she's not right there beside me I go crazy 'cause here isn't where I wanna be And satisfaction feels like a distant memory And I can't help myself, all I Wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?" Well, are you mine? Are you mine? Are you mine? Woah, ah I guess what I'm trying to say is I need the deep end Keep imagining meeting, wished away entire lifetimes Unfair we're not somewhere misbehaving for days Great escape, lost track of time and space She's a silver lining climbing on my desire And I go crazy 'cause here isn't where I wanna be And satisfaction feels like a distant memory And I can't help myself, all I Wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?" Well, are you mine? (Are you mine tomorrow?) Are you mine? (Or just mine tonight?) Are you mine? (Are you mine, mine?) And the thrill of the chase moves in mysterious ways So in case, I'm mistaken, I Just wanna hear you say, "You got me, baby Are you mine?" She's a silver lining Lone ranger riding through an open space In my mind when she's not right there beside me I go crazy 'cause here isn't where I wanna be And satisfaction feels like a distant memory And I can't help myself, all I Wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?" Well, are you mine? (Are you mine tomorrow?) Are you mine? (Or just mine tonight?) Are you mine? (Are you mine tomorrow? ) (Or just mine tonight?)==Have you got colour in your cheeks? Do you ever get that fear that you can't shift the tide That sticks around like summat in your teeth? Are there some aces up your sleeve? Have you no idea that you're in deep? I've dreamt about you nearly every night this week How many secrets can you keep? 'Cause there's this tune I found That makes me think of you somehow an' I play it on repeat Until I fall asleep, spillin' drinks on my settee (Do I wanna know?) If this feelin' flows both ways? (Sad to see you go) Was sorta hopin' that you'd stay (Baby, we both know) That the nights were mainly made For sayin' things that you can't say tomorrow day Crawlin' back to you Ever thought of callin' when You've had a few? 'Cause I always do Maybe I'm too Busy bein' yours To fall for somebody new Now, I've thought it through Crawlin' back to you So have you got the guts? Been wonderin' if your heart's still open And if so, I wanna know what time it shuts Simmer down an' pucker up, I'm sorry to interrupt It's just I'm constantly on the cusp of tryin' to kiss you I don't know if you feel the same as I do But we could be together if you wanted to [Pre-Chorus] (Do I wanna know?) If this feelin' flows both ways? (Sad to see you go) Was sorta hopin' that you'd stay (Baby, we both know) That the nights were mainly made For sayin' things that you can't say tomorrow day Crawlin' back to you (Crawlin' back to you) Ever thought of callin' when You've had a few? (Had a few) 'Cause I always do ('Cause I always do) Maybe I'm too (Maybe I'm too busy) Busy bein' yours (Bein' yours) To fall for somebody new Now, I've thought it through Crawlin' back to you (Do I wanna know?) If this feelin' flows both ways? (Sad to see you go) Was sorta hopin' that you'd stay (Baby, we both know) That the nights were mainly made For sayin' things that you can't say tomorrow day (Do I wanna know?) Too busy bein' yours to fall (Sad to see you go) Ever thought of callin', darlin'? (Do I wanna know?) Do you want me crawlin' back to you?